README.md, before:

# HTML, Less Starter Template
#### by [Dominic Vogl](http://www.cat-ia.de)

You get an nice, simple and clean `HTML`, `LESS` basic template for starting your future web projects


## Changelog

###### 0.3.5

* add mixin for removing list styles
* add mixin for removing any gap

###### 0.3.4

* add some button colors for different states

###### 0.3.3

* add standard button styles
* add `.textShadow` mixin
* add basic list styles for ul, ol, dl
* add basic `<strong>` and `<i>` styles
* add bold font pattern of Titillium

* edit some headline styles

* remove `fonz.less` --> moved `.fontFace` into `typography.less`

###### 0.3.2

* change html 5 structure of index.html
* add some text highlightnings

###### 0.3.1

* add advanced properties for headlines

###### 0.3

* add font-size mixin for "rem" calculation


###### 0.2.1

* remove this folders:
	* `images`
	* `fonz`
	  
	  
###### 0.2

* add less variables for:
	* Colors
	* Typography
	* Sizes
	* Alignments
* add basic html structure
* add less structure for headline styling


###### 0.1

* add images
* add folders
* add javascript
* add css

Commit message:

[bug] change the variable for the a hover state

README.md, after:

# HTML, Less Starter Template
#### by [Dominic Vogl](http://www.cat-ia.de)

You get an nice, simple and clean `HTML`, `LESS` basic template for starting your future web projects


## Changeless

###### 0.3.6

* fixed a bug with the a tag hover colors

###### 0.3.5

* add mixin for removing list styles
* add mixin for removing any gap

###### 0.3.4

* add some button colors for different states

###### 0.3.3

* add standard button styles
* add `.textShadow` mixin
* add basic list styles for ul, ol, dl
* add basic `<strong>` and `<i>` styles
* add bold font pattern of Titillium

* edit some headline styles

* remove `fonz.less` --> moved `.fontFace` into `typography.less`

###### 0.3.2

* change html 5 structure of index.html
* add some text highlightnings

###### 0.3.1

* add advanced properties for headlines

###### 0.3

* add font-size mixin for "rem" calculation


###### 0.2.1

* remove this folders:
	* `images`
	* `fonz`
	  
	  
###### 0.2

* add less variables for:
	* Colors
	* Typography
	* Sizes
	* Alignments
* add basic html structure
* add less structure for headline styling


###### 0.1

* add images
* add folders
* add javascript
* add css
